hello so I wanted to make you a
small feedback on a tool
who had me who had attracted me by his
features that is difficult to
to find in France because it does not
not part of the French catalog of the
brand bak at this hybrid tool le baco
24,49 which is derived from another model
that he finds quite easily in
France which is the 24 48 which is actually
a hybrid between a knife and a chisel
wood
so here is a relatively long lousy I
not going to dwell on on the
product description because you
will quickly understand that in fact I
do not recommend this product it's I
I am rarely disappointed by the brand Bako
but this time you have to be
honest the brand bak sells his
produced by saying that we can
put the full view that can
use it with a hammer that one can
so sleeve circle resists very well I
hated there is no problem the
handle resists very well but then I
do not know how they designed an island
steel nor the quenching of the blade
but then I did not use it with
a frozen hammer simply used in
cutting 11 years of the feeder stick with
dry job and then you'll see this
what is it worth what happened to me
first time and a second time
hoping that the focus one
doctor in sight here that's I think that there I
think it's clear for all
world that a quench that leaves one and
grind in this state there it's just not
possible what then it had happened to me
a first time a year ago when I
acquired when I acquired a knife
had happened to me a first time here
and here it's not really visible because
I had iron knife on the stone
and then on ceramics
he's his daughter very well but then there the
quenching is catastrophic because there
it's just by falling on a
on a knot of small branches of
work when it's really nothing at all
so down for a chisel it's
still damage
and then it's okay to start a good
that's a good idea
at bach with very good ideas but
so very bad realization I the
do not recommend unless bako and decides
to review the quality of the quenching of his
steel I wish you a good end of
day